	Though many games exist that are centered around components of my idea, Hello Worlds will
combine the style of "Agar.io," a game that features dots that absorb mass, split mass, and navigate
as a dot. However, I will adapt these ideas to my main theme which will be gravity. Though many gravity
games exist, I have see none like my idea. A web app called "gravity game" features a tiny alien
that you must land around a planet by using thrusters in microgravity. The navigation in Hello Worlds
will be similar to this, however the game itself will be total different in objective and structure.
 
	Though I like how Agar.io does many things, I do not like the mouse navigation, and
 will use the navigation style of gravity game. Because these games are not entirely comparable to
my idea, it is hard to say what features I will and wont include in a top level sense. I plan to
have a sandbox mode or level creator, many levels to navigate through like gravity game, however mine
may be randomly generated fully, to constraints, or not at all if it proves infeasible. Agar.io is
a multiplayer, essentiall sandbox game, so since my game will not be multiplayer or sandbox at its
essence, it will reflect neither of those qualities. 

	A very admiral usage of my base form - the relationship between the planet(s) and suns- is
demonstrated very profoundly in the game "Universe Sandbox." It is a three-dimensional, open ended,
simulation of gravity where the user creates planets and suns to make complex systems. Though this
is amazing, it is far too open ended of a goal, therefor I will only use it as inspiration for my theme,
and a sandbox mode that echos it in two dimensions. Because of the nature of games recently, as
well as the already fairly large scope of my project, I will not be doing three dimensions. In addition,
three dimensions would likely detract from Hello Worlds, muddling it with complexity and breaking the,
ideally, sleak and intuitive user experience.